content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 2025-05-25T10:00:00+02:00
draft: false
hidemeta: true # PaperMod specific: hides date, tags, etc. for single pages like "About"
ShowToc: false # Ensure no Table of Contents here either
comments: false # Usually disable comments for an about page
---

Hey, I’m Filippo, an SRE at [Miro](https://miro.com/), part of their Cloud and Infrastructure org. I'm currently based in Amsterdam, after a three-year stint in Milan.

My background is in biomedical engineering, but I found myself genuinely drawn to the challenges within platforms, systems, and infrastructure. That passion directly led me to dive into the k8s landscape, craft automation with Terraform, and focus on ensuring our systems can scale effectively.

I'm always keen on learning and enjoy tackling interesting problems. Recently, I've been exploring the AI space by looking into research from major tech companies and universities, and experimenting with vibey coding tools.

Outside of tech, I’m a huge 🏀 fan, especially the NBA (yes, I’ve probably watched too many late-night games).

Feel free to connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/filippomoret/) if you'd like to chat.

Commit message:

fix: removed social buttons from about page and minor improvements

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 2025-05-25T10:00:00+02:00
draft: false
hidemeta: true # PaperMod specific: hides date, tags, etc. for single pages like "About"
comments: false # Usually disable comments for an about page
disableShare: true # Correct parameter to hide share buttons on this page
---

Hey, I'm Filippo, an SRE at [Miro](https://miro.com/), part of their Cloud and Infrastructure org. I'm currently based in Amsterdam, after a three-year stint in Milan.

My background is in biomedical engineering, but I found myself genuinely drawn to the challenges within platforms, systems, and infrastructure. That passion directly led me to dive into the k8s landscape, craft automation with Terraform, and focus on ensuring our systems can scale effectively.

I'm always keen on learning and enjoy tackling interesting problems. Recently, I've been exploring the AI space by looking into research from major tech companies and universities, and experimenting with vibey coding tools.

Outside of tech, I'm a huge 🏀 fan, especially the NBA (yes, I've probably watched too many late-night games).

Feel free to connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/filippomoret/) if you'd like to chat.
